Who dares to touch Mr. Jiang?
What's up girl
Do you want to make an enemy of Kowloon Temple?
You bunch of blind local chicken dogs
I also want to hug the thighs of Kowloon Hall
Hmm, you can't believe it.
Wait for Lord Zunlong of Kowloon Group to come
You'll know how you died, huh?
Lord Zunlong of Kowloon Group
What is that?
Do it for me
Lord Zunlong is the Kowloon Group
The person in charge in Yuncheng
How dare you scold him?
It is not too much to destroy your nine clans
It turned out to be just the Kowloon Group
A person in charge in Yuncheng?
No wonder I don't know
What do you mean?
The identity and weight of Lord Zunlong are not qualified enough
You know him?
Of course, with his status
You're not even qualified to meet me
Naturally don't know
My domestication of the top management of the Kowloon Group
Tell them not to play big
Don't bully the weak
bully
This Zunlong doesn't seem to be very disciplined.
Enough Liu Shuang
Put away your precious pride
I don't care what you do
Eat ginger iron soft rice
But Lord Zunlong is my godfather
If you disrespect him
Don't blame me for being rude to you.
You're rude to me.
What right do you have to be rude to me?
You honestly have no idea.
Everything you have now
Did I give it to you?
What did you give me?
Are you qualified to give me all this?
It's my villa.
Or did you move bricks for me?
Then you tell me
that year
Your first investment of 30 million in Tangmen Group
Did Wu Dajiang, the richest man, vote for you?
OK
How do you know?
Because I asked him to vote for you
Can I not know?